Project Overview:
You are holding my hand through the development of a website called "Manifest Liberation, Naturally Free" (MLNF), an immortal-themed website to serve as a refuge for free-thinkers to crowdsource truth and knowledge that is concealed by the conventional world of tyrannical censorship, to engage in discourse, to build a timeless community and to transcend conventional boundaries.

Key features:
responsive design,
stacked logo that adapts for mobile,
light theme toggle,
authentication form,
user accounts,
profile pages,
global sidebar for active users and peer-to-peer messaging modal,
blogging,
message board,
news stories,
mindmap to crowdsource knowledge,
debate arena where users can confront contentious topics,
media archive to submit videos that are otherwise concealed on censorful platforms.

Technical Details:

Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, folder locally named mlnf.

Hosted at https://dashing-belekoy-7a0095.netlify.app/.

The repo is version-controlled with Git, and deployments are handled via GitHub Pages hosted at https://immortalal.github.io/mlnf and accessible via mlnf.net (proxied through Cloudflare).

The front-end repository is ImmortalAl/mlnf, and the main branch contains the latest code. The file structure includes: 

index.html (root page)  
styles.css (global styles)
scripts.js (global scripts)
pages/ folder with subpages like archive.html, messageboard.html, etc.

Backend: Locally, the back-end root directory is called mlnf-auth. It is a sibling to the front end root directory. The back-end repository is ImmortalAl/mlnf-auth. 

Mlnf-auth.onrender.com is used. 

Database: MongoDB Atlas, for storing user data and community content

Security: Ensure secure handling of user data and authentication tokens.  

Design Consistency: Maintain the immortal, ethereal design across new features.

Mobile Responsiveness: Ensure all new features work seamlessly on mobile devices.

The directory structure on the local machine is like this. The back-end root, "mlnf-auth", is a sibling to the front-end root, "MLNF".
Here is the front-end directory structure:
¦   index.html
¦   lander.html
¦   scripts.js
¦   styles.css
+---assets
¦   +---images
¦   +---uploads
+---pages
        archive.html
        auth.html
        blog.html
        debate.html
        manifesto.html
        messageboard.html
        messaging.html
        mindmap.html
        news.html
        profile-setup.html
        profiles.html